Hans Zimmer was originally part of the Buggles
Zimmer means 'room' in German
In 2000 Gladiator became into one of the best selling film score albums of all time
The Last Samurai was Hans Zimmer's 100th score
When asked what his favorite score is, Hans Zimmer says "I haven't written it yet.  That's what gets me up in the morning"
Hans Zimmer was asked to compose for Laura's Star because he mentioned in an interview that the German producers forgot him for a German movie
Hans Zimmer is completely self-taught
Hans Zimmer: "I wake up around noon, light a cigarette, get a cup of coffee, sit in the bathtub for an hour and daydream, and I usually come up with some ideas... It's a very irresponsible life. The only decisions I make are about the notes I'm writing."
Hans Zimmer: "If something happened where I couldn't write music any more, it would kill me. It's not just a job. It's not just a hobby. It's why I get up in the morning."
Cloud Atlas had a budget of over $100,000,000
The score for How to Train your Dragon earned John Powell his first Academy Award nomination
John Powell's first score was for Stay Lucky
Ennio Morricone has composed the most scores (over 500)
Gregson-Williams won a musical scholarship at the University of Cambridge at the age of seven
Danny Elfman started as a lead singer for Oingo Boingo
The Simpsons main title theme was written by Danny Elfman
Danny Elfman has scored all but two of Tim Burton's major studio releases
Danny Elfman not only scored The Nightmare Before Christmas, but was also the singing voice for Jack Skellington
Jeremy Soule has composed scores for over 60 games
Jeremy Soule described that his favorite genre to score for are ambitious games, rather than any specific genre
John Williams has composed all but one of Steven Spielberg's major feature-length films
John Williams is the second most-nominated person for an Academy Award, just after Walt Disney
John Williams was drafted into the US Air Force, where he conducted and arranged music for their band
John Williams worked as a jazz pianist for Henry Mancini
The score for Star Wars is the highest grossing non-popular music recording of all-time
Henry Mancini won a record number of Grammy Awards
Goldsmith decided to pursue a career in music after hearing the score for Spellbound
Brian Tyler said: "Well, the first film released that I scored was Six-String Samurai, but it was Frailty that helped me get some more exposure."
John Williams' father was a percussionist for CBS Radio and Raymond Scott Quintet
The famous piano riff in Peter Gunn was performed by John Williams
Alfred Newman, Max Steiner, and Dimitri Tiomkin are considered as one of the three godfathers of film music
John Williams has received more Oscar nominations than any other composer
Between 1938 and 1957, Alfred Newman was nominated for at least one Oscar each year
Alfred Newman is the father of 3 composers: Thomas Newman, Maria Newman, and David Newman.  He is also the brother of Emil Newman and Lionel Newman, the uncle of Randy Newman, and the great-uncle of Joey Newman
In 1940, Alfred Newman received 4 Oscar nominations for 4 different films
A.R. Rahman once said "I have rubbed many a producer the wrong way by disturbing the schedule, but it has paid off."
Walt Disney refused to allow Alfred Hitchcock to film at Disneyland in the early 1960s because he had made "that disgusting movie Psycho."
Pierce Brosnan was contractually forbidden from wearing a full tuxedo in any non-James Bond movie from 1995-2002.
Jim Caviezel was struck by lightening while he was on the cross in Passion of the Christ.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was paid approximately $21,429 for every word he said in, Terminator 2: Judgement Day
In Ferris Bueller’s Day Off, Charlie Sheen stayed awake for 48 hours to achieve a suitably wasted look for his cameo.
The ornaments that Marv steps on in Home Alone are actually candy.
Fantasia (1940) was originally a short called The Sorcerers Apprentice, but Walt Disney overspent on the score and decided to make it feature length film rather than waste money
Each frame of the CGI scenes in James Cameron’s, Avatar (1/24 of a second) took an average of 47 hours to render.
Waldo (Where’s Waldo) appears in Mel Gibson’s Apocalypto at 01:31:34, lying on the pile of dead bodies.
Hasbro denied Pixar the use of GI Joe in Toy Story when found that the GI Joe doll was going to be blown up by Sid
In 2002, Steven Spielberg finally finished college after a 33-year hiatus. He turned in Schindler’s List for his student film requirement.
Lion King was originally titled King of the Jungle. Disney changed the name when they realized that lions don't live in the jungle
Shirley Temple was a frontrunner for the part of Dorothy in Wizard of Oz
The MPAA did not allow blood to be shown in any trailers that would be seen by all ages. Kubrick persuaded them that the blood was rusty water and got the trailer for The Shining passed.
The stop-motion film, The Nightmare Before Christmas, had 24 frames per second.
At the end of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, the credits say, “No dragons were harmed in the making of this movie.
In School of Rock, all of the children are competent musicians, and they are all playing their own instruments
Eatnemen Vuelie from Frozen contains elements from traditional Sami singing
The working title for E.T.: The Extra-Terrestrial was “A Boy’s Life.”
Back to the Future’s DeLorean time machine is actually a licensed, registered vehicle in the state of California
The film A Beautiful Mind was shot in sequence in order to help Russell Crowe better develop his character’s emotional and physical arc
Wookie suits are made from human hair
When Sound of Music was released in South Korea, it had so much business that some theaters showed it four and five times a day. One theater in Seoul cut out all the musical numbers to show it to more customers.
"Edelweiss" was the last song that Oscar Hammerstein II ever wrote. 
Only 3100 copies of Elmer Bernstien's score to Ghostbusters were released
I'm the first character you can see in HTTYD
Both of the directors of my movie also directed Lilo and Stitch
My animators received a diploma from flight school
A wet dragon head can't light its fire